.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH KCOLLECTD 1 "9 February 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
kcollectd \- view collectd datacollections
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kcollectd
.\"RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Kcollectd 
is a small applications that allows to view 
.B rrd
datacollections that have been created by 
\fBcollectd\fR(1). 
.PP
It is quite limited, but allows to zoom and scroll around and has an
automatic update and follow mode, which makes it some kind of
status-monitor.
.PP
At the left side of the window is a tree, that lists all
\fBcollectd\fR(1) datasources that
.B kcollectd
has found. You can select one or more of them with the mouse.
.PP
At the right the selected datasources are shown as graph. You can move
the graph to the left or right with the mouse und zoom in or out with
the mousewheel or the zoombuttons.
.PP
At the lower left there is a auto-update-button that allows to switch
.B kcollectd 
into the update-and-follow-mode. In this mode the graph still can be
zoomed, but always displays 
.I now
near the right edge and can not be scrolled any more.
.SH AUTHOR
kcollectd was written by M G Berberich.
.PP
This manual page was written by M G Berberich <berberic@fmi.uni-passau.de>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR collectd(1)
.BR rrdtool(1)
